Prometheus compatibility: don't add duplicate _total suffixes (#3581)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/compatibility/prometheus_and_openmetrics.md

  - The new data point's start time must match the time of the accumulated data point. If not, see [detecting alignment issues](../metrics/data-model.md#sums-detecting-alignment-issues).
- Otherwise, it MUST be dropped.

> Monotonic Sum metric points MUST have `_total` added as a suffix to the metric name, if it does not already end in `_total`.

Reviewer: Can we make the inverse case explicit here as well?

```suggestion
If the metric name for monotonic Sum metric points does not end in a suffix of `_total` a suffix of `_total` MUST be added, otherwise the name MUST remain unchanged.
```
